Please note: this guide contains major spoilers, if you want to explore on your own in the game, press ESC to close the window.
After completing the guide for new players, you will arrive at the start area¡ªKaron Village.
The first time you arrive at Karon Village, due to your low level, you can't get out of the village. Please look carefully and find mission clues from NPCs. Once you've completed a mission, Karon Village will be fully open.
Now, Karon Village will be the starting point of your whole journey in Mist World.
The mouth of the valley north of Karon Village connects to Brute Valley, a Level 11 to 15 monster area.
The easternmost (and slightly north) mouth of Brute Valley leads east to Mario Basin, which is an important haven at level 15, as well as the first city players encounter in the whole game, with plenty of missions to take after level 15.
There are three human settlements in Mario Basin, namely Sunset City, northern town and breezy Village. Sunset City is one of the affiliated cities of Central Kingdom.
The north gate of northern town leads to Karst Cave, a Level 16 to 20 monster area.
The east entrance of breezy Village leads to Fred Forest, a level 21 to 25 monster area.
The mouth of Valley in the southeast of Mario Basin provides access to Takama Desert, a Level 26 to 30 monster area.
The northwest corner of Takama Desert leads back to Mario Basin, and the southeast corner leads to Central Plains. Giant Rock City in Central Plains is an important haven at level 30, as well as the first capital in the game, where weddings, competitions, and Gang Tournaments are available.
There are three human settlements on central plain, namely Giant Rock City, Mettle Village and Starlight Village.
The north entrance of Mettle Village leads to Takama Desert, and the south entrance of Starlight Village leads to Wolf Prairie, a level 31 to 35 monster area.
Follow the moat south of Giant Rock City to the west to reach Beauty of River and Mountain, a level 30 fishing area. The fishing area is connected to Loki Union from Central Kingdom.
Follow the moat north of Giant Rock City to the east to reach Abundant green hills, a level 30 Herbs-Collecting area. The Herbs-Collecting area is connected to Garth Empire from Central Kingdom.
In the southwest corner of Giant Rock City, there is a staircase that extends southwards, where you can take the cable car to Underground Mine, a level 30 Mining Area. The mining area leads to two other countries.
The northwest corner of Wolf Prairie leads back to Central Plains to the north, the northeast corner leads to Carter Plain, a level 46 to 50 monster area, to the east, and the southeast mountain road leads to Fertile Wilds to the south. White Sand City in Fertile Wilds is a haven at level 45.
There are three human settlements on Fertile Wilds, namely White Sand City, Traveler Camp and Tari Village. White Sand City is one of the affiliated cities of Central Kingdom.
The forest outside the east gate of Traveler Camp provides access to Polson Wetland, a Level 36 to 40 monster area.
East of the east entrance of Tari Village, you can go to Vincent Snowfields, a level 41 to 45 monster area.
The southwest bridge of Polson Wetland leads to Sailing Port, a human settlement.
From Sailing Port, you can travel to Marion Sea, a Level 66 to 70 monster area.
Southwest of Marion Sea, there is an entrance to an upcoming monster area.
These are the main cities and monster areas within Central Kingdom.
The west of the continent is centered on Tulip City, the capital of Loki Union. Spread in its surrounding area are higher level monster areas and two affiliated cities of Loki Union.
The east of the continent is centered on Holy Blood City, the capital of Garth Empire. Spread in its surrounding area are higher level monster areas and two affiliated cities of Garth Empire.