Please note: this guide contains major spoilers, if you want to explore on your own in the game, press ESC to close the window.
Celestial Elder of Karon Village: Gives Long Pants, teaches level 10 combat skills.
Traveling Merchant of Karon Village: sells Bracelets, left and right Hand Rings, exchanges Snake Gall for Necklace.
Master Arthur of Karon Village: teaches Talent Anti-Corrosion.
Mage Aratta of Karon Village: teaches Talent Turtle Breath.
Brute Valley: drops level 15 weapons, helmets, cloaks, armors, belts, leggings, shoes, Shards.
Grand Duke Trini, the Lord of a city in Mario Basin: Give missions that reward Level 20 combat skill Crystals.
Master Taufan of Mario Basin: teaches Level 15 combat skills.
Master Catherine of Mario Basin: Teaches Class Talents.
Master Drunk of Mario Basin: teaches Level 25 combat skills.
Witch Saffy of Mario Basin: exchange Corpse Junk for Level 15 Right Hand Ring.
Guard Captain Martin of Mario Basin: Give missions that reward Level 15 Bracelets and Left Hand Rings.
Alexia of Mario Basin: Give missions that reward Level 15 necklaces.
Karst cave: drops Shards.
Fred Forest: drops Shards.
Takama Desert: drops pet Soul Stones; Level 30 weapons, helmets, cloaks, armors, belts, leggings, shoes, bracelets, rings, and materials for crafting Pendants.
Wolf Prairie: drops Shards.
Fertile Wilds/Gale Cave: gives Level 40 Swift Fusion Beast¡ªBluish White Horse.
Polson Wetland: drops Shards.
Vincent Snowfields: Drops level 45 weapons, helmets, necklaces, armors, belts, leggings, bracelets, rings, and materials for crafting cloaks and shoes.
Carter Plain: drops Shards.
Domi Wasteland: Drops Shards.
Corpse Cave: Drops Shards.
Dark Pit City: Drops level 60 weapons, necklaces, armors, leggings, bracelets, rings, and materials for crafting helmets, cloaks belts and shoes.
Flaming Mountain: Drops Shards.
Magnet Hill: Drops level 70 weapons, armors, leggings, rings, and materials for crafting helmets, necklaces, cloaks, belts, shoes and bracelets.
Marion Sea: drops Shards.