5000 //Needs: close talk, relaxed and smooth, cordial, kind and smilingWelcome to the Mist World! I am a novice guide and my task is to guide you throughout the game's world. If you don't need my help, press CTRL+ENTER to open the Action menu, and disable the guidance from there. Happy gaming!
5241 //voice emphasize the last "L" and the "ENTER", The following as the sameThe K, L, Semicolon and O keys are used to view available targets in the 180 degree radius (West, South, East and north, respectively). Now, please press L to view the target which is south to you. After hearing the sound and name of the target, press ENTER to begin interaction.5242Please switch back to the target located south with the L key. Then press ENTER to begin interaction.5243S and W keys are used to navigate the menu. Now press S or W to choose your answer, and press ENTER to confirm.
5xx7Now, please press O to choose a target that is located north. When you hear the sound and name, please hold the J key to launch a continuous attack on the target.
5244The W, S, A and D keys are used to move arround the menus (Up, Down, Left and Right respectively). Now please use the W and S keys to choose an option.
5245Now, please use the left and right arrow keys to switch between backpack categories. When you switch to the "Equipment" category you can use up and down arrow keys to move arround your equipment. You can also use the G key to view a description of the current item, and you can also press the Right CTRL key to equip or unequip the current item.
5xx5The W, S, A and D keys are used to control your character's movement. Now please hold the A key in order to move West and pay close attention to the sound of your target. When you come close enough, press the K key to choose the target and then launch an attack on it.
5246Now, please hold down the D key in order to move east. You can interact with a target only if the distance is 5 yards or less. Please pay attention to the distances reported while switching the targets. You can use the P key to make your character automatically move towards your target.
5xx8You can use the backquote key on your keyboard to open your character's profile. After you're done viewing it, you can use the ESCAPE key to exit it. Please press ENTER if you need this message repeated.
5247Kill one now! Pay attention though, as monsters there are aggressive and so they will attack you too. You can use the R key to view your health and mana, and the F key to view the health and mana of your target.
5248Now you killed four of them! However mutant beasts there will become stronger and stronger each time, so please be careful. Before you go, you can open the treasure chest which contains precious medicine and equipment. You can use the medicine when your health is low, and the equipment when your level is sufficient. Please use up, down, left and right arrow keys, as well as the G and Right Control key to interact with your equipment.
5249Killed ten of them! Now you have the last one batch of monsters to defeat. If you need to see the information and hostile list about your target, you can use either the G or the Tab key.
5250After using the crystal and learning the skill, please use the left and right arrows to move to the Combat Skills category. Then, find your new skill with the down arrow key, and press CTRL+ALT+H key combination in order to bind your new skill to the H key. After that, you can use the basic attack and H key to use your new skill interchangeably. Pay attention though, as every skill has a different cooldown. To view such information, press the G key while a skill is selected.5252There is a python ahead. It is a very dangerous creature! If you need to replenish your health in combat, you can bind  small red bottle to a quick key. Please switch to the item you want to bind, and then press CTRL+a number in order to bind the item. Once bound, the item can be used by just pressing the associated number key.
5254Forward is the Kalong village. If there are too many targets in the village, you can use the V key to display only NPCs, and you can go back to the "all targets" mode if you need to fight monsters.
5262bThe dryad in this house is very strong! Please be sure to stand no closer than 3 yards from it. When you are in your attacking distance, you can use a skill key together with the Alt key, in order to launch the in-place attack from 3 yard away, therefor, the dryad  cannot harm you. 
5263Congratulations on completing the Dryad mission! To view the battle report, please press the Backspace key. You can also use the Backspace key to view announcements and private messages.
5268Please go East and listen closely to the sound of a creaking cabin. If you don't hear the sound, you can use the O, K, L and Semicolon keys, together with a shift key to navigate between various environmental objects nearby.
5270Congratulations on defeating the anaconda! If you want to continue wiping out the snakes, please exit the well and reenter.
5258You are in a dungeon. To view the time remaining for this dungeon, please use the Q key.