5181 //The Priest speaks in a gentle, benevolent voice.
The world used to be so beautiful when human beings could be in close contact with the Mist Gods. Now that we are under attack from mutants and demons, nowhere is safe. Perhaps in difficult times like this, our minds can be sharpened. But I can't help thinking back to the good old days. My child, you've been praying less. Have you lost faith in the Mist Gods?

5182
Have you lost faith in the Mist Gods because of the hardship we endure?

5184
Child, you have a loving heart. But your wish requires powerful light magic. Show me the results of your training. See that stake to the north? Go break it with magic.

5186
See that stake to the north? Go break it with magic.

5188
Nicely done. Now let's see how well you perform with equipment. Here are the weapon and outfit, take it.

5189 //When the player refuses the equipment
Will those who seek to spread fire refuse to use the torch?

5190 //When the player accepts the equipment
Good, put them on.

5192
There's a movable stake to the west, go break it.

5194
Much better. Come here, I have two more equipment for you.

5195
Here you go, these are a pair of shoes and a chest. Put those shoes on, and take a good look at the chest. You can open it when you're strong enough. Now, I'll give you the true test. There's a bunch of mutants in the northeast confession room. Go wipe them out.

5197
Put those shoes on, and take a good look at the chest. You can open it when you're strong enough. Now, I'll give you the true test. There's a bunch of mutants in the northeast confession room. Go wipe them out.

5199
There's a bunch of mutants in the northeast confession room. Go wipe them out.

5200
Very good, you are well-trained in magic. Looks like you've obtained a Skill Crystal, use it to learn the Mind Whip Skill. It will help you fight better against evil.

5201
Go, child, leave the church through the north. Go and purge the world of evil! May the Mist Gods bless you with strength.
