Morality
1. Morality is a value that shows whether a player is friendly to other players. When a player has high Morality, it means that he is friendly to other players and will not take the initiative to attack others; When a player has low Morality, it means that he is aggressive and will kill other player characters.
2. The player's initial Morality is 0. The highest is 2000, and the lowest is -2000. The color of the player's name changes according to their Morality.
3. Players with Morality between -500 and 500 have gray names. When you kill a gray-name player, you lose 50 Morality.
4. Players with Morality between 500 and 1000 have green names. Green-name players will be marked green on the map. When you kill a green-name player, you lose 100 Morality.
5. Players with Morality no less than 1000 have white names. White-name players will be marked white on the map. When killed, they lose less experience than gray-name and green-name players, and can spend 500 Morality to enter mist god Valley. When you kill a white-name player, you lose 150 Morality.
6. Players with Morality between -500 and -1000 have red names. Red-name players will be marked red on the map. When killed by other players, they have a chance to lose items, in which case, the player who killed them will receive half of those items.
7. Players with Morality no more than -1000 have black names. Black-name players will be marked red on the map. When killed by other players, they have a chance to lose items, in which case, the player who killed them will receive half of those items. In addition, Whenever black-name players are killed by monsters or other players, the equipment they're wearing has a 20% chance of being wrecked. Black-name players will also be subject to other restrictions. It is tough to survive in the game with a black name, the only advantage is that they can enter the black domain.
8. In addition to the above color names, when a gray-name, green-name or white-name player takes the initiative to attack another gray-name, green-name or white-name player, the attacked player will see the attacker as a yellow-name, and can kill the attacker without losing any Morality.
9. The above changes of Morality is effective on most maps, except for certain protection maps, competition maps and practice maps.
10. Morality increases automatically when you slay monsters or haven't killed any player for a while. When a player hasn't killed any other player for more than 8 hours, his Morality increase 1 point every 10 minutes. When a player is slaying monsters on a public map, his Morality increase 5 points every 10 minutes.