There are two types of (de)buff skills: self buff skills, and non-self (de)buff skills that can be cast to others.
Self buff skills is completely independent. When cast, they cannot be dispelled by dispel skills or replaced by other supporting skills. They will only disappear after the duration ends.
Self buff skills include: 1. movement speed increase！Warrior's Wind Step, Orc's Haste, etc.; 2. Critical Hit increase！Assassin's Leap Gouge, Elf's Scorch, etc.; 3. Accuracy increase！Hunter's Bull's Eye, etc.; 4. attack speed increase！Mage's Cold Winter, etc.; 5. invincible block and reduce mana cost to zero！Priest's Soul of Redemption; 6. Reduce damage taken and prevent interruptions！Witcher's Undying Resolve, etc; as well as many other buff skills.
Non-self (de)buff skills can be dispelled by dispel skills, and can be excluded, replaced, or enhanced by other supporting skills.
Among then, debuff skills that decreases physical defense include: Warrior's Armor Break, Orc's Giant Strike, Assassin's Puncture, etc. These skill effects can be stacked with other skills that are cast afterwards, up to 20% physical defense decrease. In practice, to maximize the physical defense decrease debuff, the debuff skills need to be cast in succession (the next debuff skill must be cast before the effect of the previous one ends).
Debuff skills that decrease toughness include: Witcher's Corrosion Spell, etc. These skill effects can be stacked with other skills that are cast afterwards, up to 40% toughness decrease. In practice, to maximize the toughness decrease debuff, the debuff skills need to be cast in succession (the next debuff skill must be cast before the effect of the previous one ends).
Except for the above two, the rest of non-self (de)buff skills adopts a replacement rule, which means, for skills with the same debuff effect, if you cast two skills subsequently, the latter one will replace the former one's effect.
For example, Warrior's Battle Cry and Hunter's Strong-Arm Aura can both increase ally attack damage, and only one can be effective at the same time. If players use Strong-Arm Aura, then don't use Battle Cry until the buff disappears, otherwise the former's stronger buff will be replaced by the latter's weaker buff.
All non-self (de)buff skills can be dispelled by dispel skills. But there are three types of debuffs: magic debuff, curse debuff and poison debuff, which all require the corresponding dispel skills to dispel.